Improve the documentation about log messages (#4079)
jupyterhub/jupyterhub: docs/source/admin/log-messages.md

# Interpreting common log messages

When debugging errors and outages, looking at the logs emitted by
JupyterHub is very helpful. This document intends to describe some common

> log messages, and what necessary actions to take.

Reviewer: This section of the docs focus on these three main areas: explain the log message, list a some of of the most common causes that generate this message, and what should be the first steps to take in order to fix this cause.

I believe it makes sense to mention all three of them:

```suggestion
log messages, what they mean and what are the most common causes that generated them, as well as some possible ways to fix them.
```

> ## Failing suspected API request to run-down server

Reviewer: Let's keep the same naming here, to match the one in the actual log message (you can find it in the example below). This will help with making this section more visible for people when searching after a key phrase in their logs.

```suggestion
## Failing suspected API request to not-running server
```

### Example

Your log might display lines that seem cryptic

```
[W 2022-03-10 17:25:19.774 JupyterHub base:1349] Failing suspected API request to not-running server: /hub/user/<user-name>/api/metrics/v1
```

### Most likely cause

The possible reason may be that the user's server has stopped running
but they still have a browser tab open. For example, you might have 3 tabs open and you shut

> the server down via one. The other possible reason could be that you closed your laptop and the server was culled for inactivity, then reopen the laptop! However, the client-side code (JupyterLab, Classic Notebook, etc) doesn't interpret the shut-down server and continues to make some API requests.

Reviewer: Let's put each main idea into it's own row to make it more easier to read and keep the same tense of verbs (`reopen` ➡️  `reopened`) 

```suggestion
the server down via one.
The other possible reason could be that you closed your laptop and the server was culled for inactivity, then reopened the laptop!
However, the client-side code (JupyterLab, Classic Notebook, etc) doesn't interpret the shut-down server and continues to make some API requests.
```

### Cause

JupyterHub requires the `jupyterhub` python package installed inside the image or
environment, the user server starts in. This message indicates that the version of
the `jupyterhub` package installed inside the user image or environment is not

> the same as the JupyterHub server itself. This is not necessarily always a

Reviewer: I know it's a bit repetitive, but I believe it's worth being as explicit as possible to eliminate all confusion.

```suggestion
the same as the JupyterHub server's version itself. This is not necessarily always a
```
